Update Android Custom Fields with Root level profile attributes (#7954)
auth0/docs: articles/libraries/lock-android/v2/custom-fields.md

* TYPE_NUMBER
* TYPE_PHONE_NUMBER
* TYPE_EMAIL

## Storage

> Each custom field can only have one `Storage` associated. You can choose to store it right at the root level or inside the `user_metadata` attribute. To specify this use the 5 parameters constructor and pass the `Storage` parameter of your choice. By default, fields will be stored inside the `user_metadata` attribute.

Reviewer: Some of this reads a little awkwardly. Consider something like:

```suggestion
Each custom field can only have one `Storage` associated. You can choose to store it right at the root level or inside the `user_metadata` attribute. To specify the storage location, use the five-parameter constructor and pass the `Storage` parameter of your choice (see below). By default, fields will be stored inside the `user_metadata` attribute.
```

Author: Good one!
